Phoenix Magic
  Starting at 1st level, you learn additional spells when you reach certain levels in this class, as shown on the Phoenix Spells table. Each of these spells counts as a sorcerer spell for you, but it doesn't count against the number of sorcerer spells you know.
  Whenever you gain a sorcerer level, you can replace one spell you gained from this feature with another spell of the same level. The new spell must be an Evocation spell from the sorcerer, warlock, or wizard spell list.
  ┏━━━━━━━┯━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓
  ┃ Level │ Phoenix Spells                                           ┃
  ┠───────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┨
  ┃  1st  │ Hellish Rebuke, Produce Flame                            ┃
  ┃  3rd  │ Flaming Sphere                                           ┃
  ┃  5th  │ Flame Stride                                             ┃
  ┃  7th  │ Summon Elemental (Fire only)                             ┃
  ┃  9th  │ Conjure Elemental (Must have fire resistance or immunity)┃
  ┗━━━━━━━┷━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┛

Ignite
  At 1st level, you gain the ability to start fires with a touch. As an action, you can magically ignite a flammable object you touch with your hand—an object such as a torch, a piece of tinder, or the hem of drapes.

Mantle of Flame
  Starting at 1st level, you can unleash the phoenix fire that blazes within you.
  As a bonus action, you magically wreathe yourself in swirling fire, as your eyes glow like hot coals. For 1 minute, you gain the following benefits:
    - You shed bright light in a 30-foot radius and dim light for an additional 30 feet.
    - Any creature takes fire damage equal to your Charisma modifier if it hits you with a melee attack from within 5 feet of you or if it touches you.
    - The first time you roll fire damage on your turn, the roll gains a bonus equal to your Charisma modifier. 
    - Whenever you deal damage, you can treat fire immunity as resistance.
  You can use this feature once per long rest. To start Mantle of Flame again, you can push past your boundaries and burn up in the process taking 1d6 fire damage (Ignoring resistance) and 1 point of exhaustion – You can repeat this ability. The damage increases to 2d8 at 4th level, 3d6 at 8th level, 4d6 at 12th level, 5d6 at 16th level, and 6d6 at 20th level. 

Phoenix Spark
  Starting at 6th level, the fiery energy within you grows restless and vengeful. In the face of defeat, it surges outward to preserve you in a fiery roar.
  If you are reduced to 0 hit points, you can use your reaction to draw on the spark of the phoenix. You are instead reduced to 1 hit point, and then you regain hit points equal to 1d6 x half your sorcerer level. Each creature of your choice that is within 10 feet of you takes fire damage equal to 1d4 x half your sorcerer level + 1d4 x your Charisma modifier.
  If you use this feature while under the effects of your Mantle of Flame, this feature instead deals fire damage equal to 1d4 x your sorcerer level + 2d4 x your Charisma modifier, and your Mantle of Flame immediately ends.
  You can use this feature once per long rest. During Mantle of Flame, you gain a temporary Phoenix Spark charge that lasts for the duration of Mantle of Flame.

Nourishing Fire
  Starting at 14th level, your fire spells can soothe and restore you and others. You have a pool of d4s that you can gain to fuel this healing. The maximum number of dice in the pool equals your sorcerer level + twice your charisma modifier. Any dice exceeding this amount heal you immediately for half effectiveness (rounded up). 
  When you expend a spell slot to cast a spell that includes fire damage, you gain an amount of dice equal to the spell slot's level. You may either spend the dice immediately to heal yourself, or save them for later.
  As a bonus action, you can heal one creature you can see within 60 feet of you, spending dice from the pool. The maximum number of dice you can spend at once equals your Charisma modifier (minimum of one die). Roll the dice you spend, add them together, and restore a number of hit points equal to the total.
  Your pool empties of all dice when you finish a long rest.

Form of the Phoenix
  At 18th level, you finally master the spark of fire that dances within you. While under the effect of your Mantle of Flame feature, you gain additional benefits:
  - You have a flying speed of 40 feet and can hover.
  - You have resistance to all damage.
    - In the occasion that more damage types are introduced, you instead have resistance to Acid, Bludgeoning, Cold, Fire, Force, Lighting, Necrotic, Piercing, Poison, Psychic, Radiant, Slashing, and Thunder.
  - If you use your Phoenix Spark, that feature deals an extra 20 fire damage to each creature.
  - You ignore resistance to fire.
